hey what's going on everybody back over
here on the bus a little sander just a
hand sander I'm standing down these
stripes and I couldn't find my electric
sander still so I said I was bought one
little hand one
you
all right I decided I'm gone
standing for today it's like 4:30 right
now I've got a 45-minute drive homes
call it a day plus I put up out a inch
long slice in my hand sitting here stand
in this part right here and my hand
caught the corner of that plastic sliced
it open I don't have any band-aids or
any water over here to wash my hands so
I don't want all this
this dust getting in the cut but yeah
I've done from the top of the windows
down to the lower part right here as you
can see quite a bit of dust ein but
there's no shine anymore on it so I've
roughed it up pretty good still got a
few spots to level out and you know I
got fill that in you know I haven't done
any of that yet but I've got a few
little spots nicks and everything that
I'm gonna have to fill in but yeah this
side is oh that's about what I've done
on this side having done the front cab
part yet
and you know I haven't done this side
but you can see how bad hot stripes work
now it is it's pretty smooth and you can
see the indentions but you don't feel
them so I think once the primer goes on
that will probably fill in all of the
little bitty indentions plus I'll
probably hit it with a finer sandpaper
to once I get everything sanded once but
worked on the dent a little more today I
was working on this section I've got it
out a little bit I went and bought this
dent puller which doesn't really work
too good for the area I'm working on
that's just too big of a dent and won't
fully adhere to it real good so this was
the only spot I was able to get it
actually stuck and even then it wasn't
sticking too good because some air is
still getting out and when you pull it
real hard it just releases so but I
think what I'm going to do is just stand
it out put a little bit of bondo on it
just to smooth it out a little bit
leave the dent in just smooth it out and
then just paint it and eventually I may
get another door for it but we'll see
how it looks if it looks fallen and good
enough then
oh well I mean like said this is a I'm
wanting to keep this bus as cheap as
possible
but still you know do it halfway decent
the main thing is I want to get it
running real good eventually get some
new tires on it and then you know I
think it'll be Road worthy last night I
started cleaning some of the walls like
I mentioned cleans up pretty good I
still got a maybe get some steel wool
and clean that off it's kind of stuck
whatever it is but yeah I think I'm
decided I'm probably gonna end up
painting the walls I didn't want to but
I think these just the stains and where
it's faded is going to eventually get on
my nerves and might as well paint it
before I get too much stuff in here set
in place because I don't think it's
gonna take about a half a day or a day
to to paint it I'm just gonna paint the
walls probably not gonna do anything
with the ceiling or these storage bays
and I'll leave the front the way it is
it's just going to be those those three
walls so I think that is about it for
this weekend next weekend I probably
won't get anything done on the bus I'm
planning to head to Gulfport Mississippi
next weekend next Saturday for a an
event called atomic blast which is
basically a lot of rat rods and
everything under drag racing and
burnouts and donuts and flamethrowers
and contests and something you might go
over there do a little bit of coverage
on it and well that's just Saturday
Sunday Sunday if it's real nice I may
come back over here get a little bit of
work done on here but I think until then
that is about it
as always thanks for watching and hit
that subscribe button